README.md, before:

Parameterized-Remote-Trigger-Plugin
===================================

A plugin for Jenkins CI  that gives you the ability to trigger parameterized builds on a **remote** Jenkins server as part of your build.

Similar to the [Parameterized Trigger Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Parameterized+Trigger+Plugin), but for remote servers.

This is done by calling the ```/buildWithParameters``` URL on the remote server. (or the ```/build``` URL, if you don't specify any parameters)

This plugin also has support for build authorization tokens (as defined [here](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Quick+and+Simple+Security) ), and plays nicely with these other guys:
- [Build Token Root Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Build+Token+Root+Plugin)
- [Credentials Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Credentials+Plugin)
- [Token Macro Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Token+Macro+Plugin)

Please take a look at the [change log](CHANGELOG.md) for a complete list of features and what not.


###Screenshots
System configuration option

![System onfiguration option](screenshots/1-system-settings.png)


Job setup options

![select from drop-down](screenshots/2-build-configuration-1.png)

![Job setup options](screenshots/3-build-configuration-2.png)


####Current Limitations
1. ~~Does not play well with [Build Token Root Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Build+Token+Root+Plugin) URL formats.~~ (added with [this commit](https://github.com/morficus/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger-Plugin/commit/f687dbe75d1c4f39f7e14b68220890384d7c5674)  )
2. ~~No username/password authentication, must use a 'build authorization token'.~~ (added with [this commit](https://github.com/morficus/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger-Plugin/commit/a23ade0add621830e85eb228990a95658e239b80) )
3. ~~Follows a "fire & forget" model when triggering the remote build, which means that we don't know the status of the remote build, only if the request was successful or not.~~ (added with [this commit](https://github.com/morficus/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger-Plugin/commit/d32c69d0033aefda382c55e9394ebab8d1da10ae) thanks to [@timbrown5](https://github.com/timbrown5))

Commit message:

Add a note on why this is different

README.md, after:

Parameterized-Remote-Trigger-Plugin
===================================

**NOTE**: This fork is being maintained independent of the mainline branch
because the pull requests there have been languishing. I've pulled in fixes
that are most relevant to my use-case. In the event that the mainline code is
updated, this fork will be abandoned in favor of that.


A plugin for Jenkins CI  that gives you the ability to trigger parameterized builds on a **remote** Jenkins server as part of your build.

Similar to the [Parameterized Trigger Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Parameterized+Trigger+Plugin), but for remote servers.

This is done by calling the ```/buildWithParameters``` URL on the remote server. (or the ```/build``` URL, if you don't specify any parameters)

This plugin also has support for build authorization tokens (as defined [here](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Quick+and+Simple+Security) ), and plays nicely with these other guys:
- [Build Token Root Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Build+Token+Root+Plugin)
- [Credentials Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Credentials+Plugin)
- [Token Macro Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Token+Macro+Plugin)

Please take a look at the [change log](CHANGELOG.md) for a complete list of features and what not.


###Screenshots
System configuration option

![System onfiguration option](screenshots/1-system-settings.png)


Job setup options

![select from drop-down](screenshots/2-build-configuration-1.png)

![Job setup options](screenshots/3-build-configuration-2.png)


####Current Limitations
1. ~~Does not play well with [Build Token Root Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Build+Token+Root+Plugin) URL formats.~~ (added with [this commit](https://github.com/morficus/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger-Plugin/commit/f687dbe75d1c4f39f7e14b68220890384d7c5674)  )
2. ~~No username/password authentication, must use a 'build authorization token'.~~ (added with [this commit](https://github.com/morficus/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger-Plugin/commit/a23ade0add621830e85eb228990a95658e239b80) )
3. ~~Follows a "fire & forget" model when triggering the remote build, which means that we don't know the status of the remote build, only if the request was successful or not.~~ (added with [this commit](https://github.com/morficus/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger-Plugin/commit/d32c69d0033aefda382c55e9394ebab8d1da10ae) thanks to [@timbrown5](https://github.com/timbrown5))
